[Baseline] Trial 0 (Attempt 1) | Model: deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-R1-Distill-Qwen-32B | Failed: Model response is not valid JSON after repair attempts:
Okay, so I'm trying to figure out how to put two CDs into the safe. Let me recap where I am and what I've done so far. 

I started by looking around the room and saw several objects and receptacles, including beds, desks, drawers, shelves, and the safe. My initial goal was to find the CDs, so I began exploring different receptacles.

I went to bed 1, but only found a book and a pillow. Then I went to desk 1, where I saw an alarm clock, bowl, desk lamp, and laptop. No CDs there either. Next, I checked drawer 1, which had a book inside. Then I moved to drawer 2, where I found a book and a keychain. I continued this process, opening drawers 4, 5, and 6. Drawer 6 had a keychain, which I took, but no CDs.

After that, I went to the safe, opened it, and found a cellphone inside. Still no CDs. I then went to shelf 1, which had an alarm clock, keychain, and pencil. Shelf 2 was empty. 

I'm starting to think that maybe I'm not looking in the right places. Since I haven't found any CDs yet, I need to continue searching other receptacles. The next logical step would be to check shelf 3, as it's another potential location where CDs might be stored.

So, my next action should be to go to shelf 3 to see if there are any CDs there. If I find them, I can then plan how to move them to the safe. If not, I'll have to continue exploring other areas of the room.
</think>

To continue searching for the CDs, the next step is to go to shelf 3.

{
    "actions": ["go to shelf 3"]
}
[Baseline] Trial 0 (Attempt 2) | Model: deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-R1-Distill-Qwen-32B | Failed: Model response is not valid JSON after repair attempts:
Okay, so I need to help the user complete the task of putting a vase in the safe. They've been exploring the environment step by step, checking different receptacles like cabinets, drawers, and shelves. So far, they haven't found the vase yet. 

Looking at the history, they've gone through several steps: looking around, checking various cabinets and drawers, and even some shelves. Each time, they either found nothing or something that wasn't the vase. For example, in drawer 2, they found a cellphone, and in cabinet 1, there was a box. But no vase yet.

Now, the user is at shelf 5, and it's empty. The next logical step is to continue searching other receptacles. Since they've checked up to shelf 5, the next shelf to check would be shelf 6. 

I should make sure that the action follows the correct format and structure as specified. The valid actions include going to a specific shelf, so "go to shelf 6" is appropriate here. 

I also need to remember the notes: always keep the names as they are, like "shelf 6" instead of "shelfsix." Also, the initial goal should be to go to a new location, not to perform an action like putting something into the safe yet.

So, the next action should be to go to shelf 6 to continue the search for the vase.
</think>

To continue searching for the vase, the next step is to go to shelf 6.

{
    "actions": ["go to shelf 6"]
}
[Baseline] Trial 1 (Attempt 1) | Model: deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-R1-Distill-Qwen-32B | Failed: Model response is not valid JSON after repair attempts:
Okay, so I'm trying to figure out how to put a vase in the safe. I've been exploring the room, checking different cabinets, drawers, and shelves, but I haven't found the vase yet. Let me recap what I've done so far.

First, I looked around the room and saw a lot of receptacles: cabinets, drawers, shelves, etc. I decided to start with the cabinets because they might have the vase inside. I went to cabinet 1, opened it, and found a box. I didn't see the vase, so I moved on to cabinet 3. It was empty, so I didn't find anything there either.

Next, I checked the drawers. I went to drawer 2, opened it, and found a cellphone. Not the vase. Then I tried drawer 1, but it was empty. I continued to drawer 3, 4, and 5, but none of them had the vase either.

Since the drawers didn't have the vase, I decided to check the shelves. I went to shelf 2, which was empty. Then I checked shelf 4, still nothing. I moved on to shelf 5, shelf 7, and shelf 8, but they were all empty too.

I need to continue searching. The next logical step is to go to shelf 9. Maybe the vase is there. If not, I'll keep going through the remaining shelves until I find it. Once I have the vase, I'll go to the safe and put it inside.

I should make sure to follow the process correctly: first, find the vase by checking each receptacle, and then use it to complete the task by putting it in the safe. I shouldn't skip ahead or try to do anything else until I have the vase in hand.
</think>

To continue searching for the vase, the next step is to go to shelf 9.

{
    "actions": ["go to shelf 9"]
}
[Baseline] Trial 1 (Attempt 2) | Model: deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-R1-Distill-Qwen-32B | Failed: Model response is not valid JSON after repair attempts:
Okay, so I'm trying to figure out how to put a vase into a safe in this environment. The first thing I need to do is find the vase. I'm in a room with a bunch of different receptacles like drawers, cabinets, shelves, and so on. The task is to find the vase and then put it into the safe. 

I remember from the previous steps that I've already checked some places, but I haven't found the vase yet. I need to continue searching systematically. So, I'll start by going to the next unvisited shelf. 

Looking at the list of shelves, I see shelf 10 hasn't been checked yet. So, my next action should be to go to shelf 10. Once there, I'll check if the vase is on it. If it is, I can pick it up and then proceed to the safe. If not, I'll move on to the next shelf.

I need to make sure I follow the correct procedure: always go to a receptacle first before trying to take an object from it. That way, I avoid errors and ensure I'm following the rules properly. So, I'll generate the action to go to shelf 10 next.
</think>

To continue searching for the vase, the next step is to go to shelf 10.

{
    "actions": ["go to shelf 10"]
}
[PDDLego+] Trial 1 (Attempt 1) | Model: deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-R1-Distill-Qwen-32B | Goal Type: detailed | Failed: CUDA out of memory. Tried to allocate 4.49 GiB. GPU 0 has a total capacity of 93.10 GiB of which 4.05 GiB is free. Including non-PyTorch memory, this process has 89.00 GiB memory in use. Of the allocated memory 79.80 GiB is allocated by PyTorch, and 8.53 GiB is reserved by PyTorch but unallocated. If reserved but unallocated memory is large try setting PYTORCH_CUDA_ALLOC_CONF=expandable_segments:True to avoid fragmentation.  See documentation for Memory Management  (https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/notes/cuda.html#environment-variables)
[PDDLego+] Trial 1 (Attempt 2) | Model: deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-R1-Distill-Qwen-32B | Goal Type: detailed | Failed: CUDA out of memory. Tried to allocate 4.57 GiB. GPU 0 has a total capacity of 93.10 GiB of which 3.88 GiB is free. Including non-PyTorch memory, this process has 89.17 GiB memory in use. Of the allocated memory 80.02 GiB is allocated by PyTorch, and 8.48 GiB is reserved by PyTorch but unallocated. If reserved but unallocated memory is large try setting PYTORCH_CUDA_ALLOC_CONF=expandable_segments:True to avoid fragmentation.  See documentation for Memory Management  (https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/notes/cuda.html#environment-variables)
[PDDLego+] Trial 0 (Attempt 1) | Model: Qwen/Qwen3-32B | Goal Type: detailed | Failed: Model response is not valid JSON after repair attempts:
<think>
Okay, let me try to figure out what's going on here. The user is trying to generate a PDDL domain and problem file for a task where they need to find two CDs and put them in a safe. They've provided their observations and the error messages they're encountering.

First, looking at the error message: "ff: goal can be simplified to FALSE. No plan will solve it." This usually means that the planner can't find a way to achieve the goal as defined. The user's goal is to have both CDs in the safe. The previous problem file didn't specify where the CDs are initially, so the planner can't find a path because it doesn't know where the CDs are located. The user tried to take a CD from drawer 1, but that drawer was empty, leading to an error.

So the problem is that the initial state in the problem file doesn't include the CDs in any receptacles. The user's observations show that they opened drawer 1 and found nothing, so the assumption that the CDs are in drawer 1 is incorrect. The user hasn't explored other receptacles yet, so the problem file can't assume where the CDs are. Therefore, the initial state shouldn't have the CDs in any receptacle unless observed.

The domain file seems correct with the actions defined, but the problem file needs to be adjusted. The CDs' locations aren't known yet, so the problem file shouldn't have any (contains) facts for the CDs. Instead, the goal remains to have them in the safe, and the planner should explore other receptacles to find them.

So the fix is to remove any initial (contains) statements for the CDs in the problem file. The user's current observations don't show the CDs in any receptacle, so the problem file's initial state should only include the starting location and any other known facts from observations. The goal remains as before, but the planner will now need to explore other receptacles to find the CDs, which is part of the process described in the task instructions.

Therefore, the correct problem file should only have the initial (at init_receptacle) and the goal of containing both CDs in the safe. The domain file remains unchanged because the actions are correctly defined.
</think>

{
    "df": "(define (domain cd-safe)\n  (:requirements :strips :negative-preconditions)\n  (:types object receptacle)\n  (:predicates\n    (at ?r - receptacle)\n    (opened ?r - receptacle)\n    (contains ?r - receptacle ?o - object)\n    (holding ?o - object)\n  )\n  (:action GotoLocation\n    :parameters (?from - receptacle ?to - receptacle)\n    :precondition (and (at ?from) (not (at ?to)))\n    :effect (and (not (at ?from)) (at ?to))\n  )\n  (:action OpenObject\n    :parameters (?r - receptacle)\n    :precondition (and (at ?r) (not (opened ?r)))\n    :effect (opened ?r)\n  )\n  (:action PickupObject\n    :parameters (?o - object ?r - receptacle)\n    :precondition (and (at ?r) (opened ?r) (contains ?r ?o) (not (holding ?o)))\n    :effect (and (not (contains ?r ?o)) (holding ?o))\n  )\n  (:action PutObject\n    :parameters (?o - object ?r - receptacle)\n    :precondition (and (at ?r) (opened ?r) (holding ?o) (not (contains ?r ?o)))\n    :effect (and (not (holding ?o)) (contains ?r ?o))\n  )\n)\n",
[PDDLego+] Trial 0 (Attempt 2) | Model: Qwen/Qwen3-32B | Goal Type: detailed | Failed: Model response is not valid JSON after repair attempts:
<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The user wants to clean a bowl and put it in a cabinet. The environment has various receptacles like cabinets, countertops, drawers, etc. The first step is to find the bowl.

Looking at the observations, the user has already looked around and listed all the receptacles. The next step is to go to a receptacle that might contain the bowl. From previous examples, the bowl was found in cabinet 4. But since the user hasn't interacted with any cabinets yet, they need to start exploring them one by one.

The domain file (df) should include actions like GotoLocation, OpenObject, PickupObject, CleanObject, and PutObject. The problem file (pf) needs to define the initial state and goal. The initial state is being at the init_receptacle, and the goal is to have the cleaned bowl in a cabinet.

Wait, but the user hasn't found the bowl yet. So the problem file's initial state shouldn't assume the bowl is in a specific location. Instead, the domain actions will handle searching. The error in the previous attempt was assuming the bowl was in a drawer, which wasn't observed. So the problem file should not include (contains ...) for the bowl until it's found.

The correct approach is to start by going to cabinet 1, open it if necessary, check inside, and proceed to other cabinets if needed. Once the bowl is found, pick it up, clean it at the sink, then put it in a cabinet. The domain actions should support these steps without predefining the bowl's location.

So the domain file remains as before, with the necessary actions. The problem file's initial state is just (at init_receptacle), and the goal is (contains some_cabinet bowl). But since the user hasn't found the bowl yet, the goal should be to locate it first. However, the problem file's goal is to have the cleaned bowl in a cabinet, which is (contains cabinetX bowl) after cleaning. But since the exact cabinet isn't known yet, the problem file's goal might need to be more general, but PDDL requires specific objects. So the initial problem file should have the goal as (contains cabinet1 bowl) or similar, but since the user hasn't found it, maybe the problem file's goal is just (contains ?cabinet ?bowl), but PDDL requires specific instances. Hmm, this is tricky. The user's task is to put the bowl in any cabinet, so the problem file's goal can be (contains ?cabinet bowl), but PDDL requires specific objects. Since the user hasn't found the bowl yet, the problem file can't specify which cabinet. Wait, but the problem file needs to have specific objects. So maybe the initial problem file just sets the goal as (contains cabinetX bowl) where cabinetX is a placeholder, but the actual cabinet is determined during execution. However, the user hasn't found the bowl yet, so the problem file's initial state doesn't include the bowl's location. Therefore, the problem file's goal should be (contains ?cabinet bowl), but PDDL requires specific instances. This is a problem. Maybe the correct approach is to have the goal as (contains some_cabinet bowl), but since the user hasn't found it yet, the problem file's goal is just (contains ?cabinet ?bowl), but the domain needs to have the necessary actions to achieve that. Alternatively, the problem file's goal is to have the bowl in any cabinet, so the goal is (contains ?cabinet bowl). But PDDL requires specific instances. This is a bit confusing. The correct way is to define the goal as (contains ?cabinet bowl), but since the user hasn't found the bowl yet, the problem file's initial state doesn't include the bowl's location. Therefore, the domain and problem files should be structured to allow the planner to find the bowl first, then clean it, then put it in a cabinet. The problem file's goal is to have the bowl in a cabinet after cleaning. So the domain actions should include finding the bowl, cleaning it, and putting it in a cabinet. The problem file's initial state is just (at init_receptacle), and the goal is (contains ?cabinet bowl). But PDDL requires specific instances. Therefore, the problem file's goal should be (contains ?cabinet bowl), and the planner will determine which cabinet to use. However, the user hasn't found the bowl yet, so the problem file's initial state doesn't include the bowl's location. Therefore, the problem file's goal is (contains ?cabinet bowl), and the domain actions will handle the steps to achieve that. So the domain file includes the necessary actions, and the problem file's goal is to have the bowl in a cabinet. The initial state is (at init_receptacle), and the goal is (contains ?cabinet bowl). But PDDL requires specific instances. Therefore, the problem file's goal should be (contains ?cabinet ?bowl), but the user hasn't found the bowl yet. Wait, but the problem file's goal must be specific. This is a contradiction. The correct approach is to have the problem file's goal as (contains ?cabinet bowl), assuming that the bowl exists in the environment. The user's task is to find it, clean it, and put it in a cabinet. Therefore, the domain and problem files should be structured to allow the planner to find the bowl first, then clean it, then put it in a cabinet. The problem file's goal is (contains ?cabinet bowl). The domain includes actions to search for the bowl, clean it, and put it in a cabinet. The initial state is (at init_receptacle). The problem file's goal is (contains ?cabinet bowl). The domain actions include GotoLocation, OpenObject, PickupObject, CleanObject, PutObject. The problem file's goal is (contains ?cabinet bowl). The user's previous error was assuming the bowl was in a drawer, but the correct approach is to search for it in cabinets. Therefore, the domain and problem files should be correct as they are, but the user needs to explore the cabinets to find the bowl. The problem file's goal is (contains ?cabinet bowl). The domain actions allow the planner to find the bowl, clean it, and put it in a cabinet. Therefore, the provided domain and problem files are correct, and the user needs to proceed with the correct actions.
</think>

{
    "df": "(define (domain bowl-clean-cabinet)\n  (:requirements :strips :negative-preconditions)\n  (:types object receptacle)\n  (:predicates\n    (at ?r - receptacle)\n    (opened ?r - receptacle)\n    (contains ?r - receptacle ?o - object)\n    (holding ?o - object)\n  )\n  (:action GotoLocation\n    :parameters (?from - receptacle ?to - receptacle)\n    :precondition (and (at ?from) (not (at ?to
[PDDLego+] Trial 1 (Attempt 1) | Model: Qwen/Qwen3-32B | Goal Type: detailed | Failed: Model response is not valid JSON after repair attempts:
<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The user's task is to put a hot slice of apple in the garbage can. The environment has various receptacles and objects. The key here is to figure out the steps needed to achieve the goal using the allowed actions.

First, I need to model the domain and problem in PDDL. The domain file defines actions and predicates, while the problem file specifies the initial state and goal. The user provided a previous example, so I can use that as a template.

The task involves several steps: finding an apple, slicing it, heating it, and then putting it in the garbage can. The challenge is to represent these steps in PDDL without assuming any objects or receptacles that aren't observed.

Looking at the observations, the user has a list of receptacles like cabinets, drawers, fridge, etc. The apple isn't mentioned yet, so the first step is to search for it. The user needs to use GotoLocation and OpenObject actions to explore receptacles until they find the apple. Once found, they need to take it, then slice it using a sharp object (like a knife), heat it in the microwave, and then dispose of it in the garbage can.

In the domain file, I need to define all the necessary actions: moving between locations, opening receptacles, picking up objects, slicing, heating, and putting into the garbage. The problem file should list all the receptacles and objects observed, with the initial state being at the init_receptacle and the goal being to have the hot slice of apple in the garbage can.

Wait, but the user's current observations don't mention any apple or knife yet. So the initial problem file shouldn't assume their existence. The domain actions for slicing and heating need to reference the appropriate receptacles and objects. Also, the problem file's goal is to have the hot slice in the garbage can, which requires the apple to be sliced and heated first.

I need to make sure the domain includes the necessary actions for slicing and heating. The problem file should include the garbage can as a receptacle and the apple as an object. However, since the user hasn't found the apple yet, the initial state shouldn't include it. The goal is to have the hot slice in the garbage can, so the problem's goal should be (contains garbagecan1 apple_slice1), assuming the apple slice is named apple_slice1 after slicing.

But the user's task mentions a "hot slice of apple," which implies that after slicing, the apple slice must be heated. So the domain needs an action to heat the sliced apple. The problem's goal should be to have the hot slice in the garbage can. However, the user hasn't found the apple yet, so the problem file should start with the initial state and then the goal once the apple is found, sliced, heated, and disposed of.

I think the domain file should include all the necessary actions, and the problem file should list all observed receptacles and the apple as an object once found. The initial state is at the starting location, and the goal is to have the hot slice in the garbage can. However, since the user hasn't found the apple yet, the problem file's initial state doesn't include the apple. The domain actions will handle the steps once the apple is found.
</think>

{
    "df": "(define (domain hot-apple-garbage)\n  (:requirements :strips :negative-preconditions)\n  (:types object receptacle)\n  (:predicates\n    (at ?r - receptacle)\n    (opened ?r - receptacle)\n    (contains ?r - receptacle ?o - object)\n    (holding ?o - object)\n    (heated ?o - object)\n    (sliced ?o - object)\n  )\n  (:action GotoLocation\n    :parameters (?from - receptacle ?to - receptacle)\n    :precondition (and (at ?from) (not (at ?to)))\n    :effect (and (not (at ?from)) (at ?to))\n  )\n  (:action OpenObject\n    :parameters (?r - receptacle)\n    :precondition (and (at ?r) (not (opened ?r)))\n    :effect (opened ?r)\n  )\n  (:action PickupObject\n    :parameters (?o - object ?r - receptacle)\n    :precondition (and (at ?r) (opened ?r) (contains ?r ?o) (not (holding ?o)))\n    :effect (and (not (contains ?r ?o)) (holding ?o))\n  )\n  (:action PutObject\n    :parameters (?o - object ?r - receptacle)\n    :precondition (and (at ?r) (opened ?r) (holding ?o) (not (contains ?r ?o)))\n    :effect (and (not (holding ?o)) (contains ?r ?o))\n  )\n  (:action SliceObject\n    :parameters (?r - receptacle ?
[PDDLego+] Trial 1 (Attempt 2) | Model: Qwen/Qwen3-32B | Goal Type: detailed | Failed: Model response is not valid JSON after repair attempts:
<think>
Okay, I need to create the PDDL domain and problem files for the task of putting a clean bowl in a cabinet. Let's start by understanding the task. The goal is to find a bowl, clean it if necessary, and then place it into a cabinet. 

First, the domain file (df) should define all the actions available. The user provided a list of allowed actions, so I need to map those into PDDL actions. The key actions here are GotoLocation, OpenObject, PickupObject, CleanObject, and PutObject. 

The predicates will include (at ?r - receptacle), (opened ?r - receptacle), (contains ?r - receptacle ?o - object), (holding ?o - object), and (clean ?o - object) to track if the bowl is clean.

For the problem file (pf), I need to list all the objects observed. The environment includes cabinets, countertops, drawers, etc. The bowl is an object that needs to be found. The initial state should have the agent at the initial receptacle, and the goal is to have the bowl in a cabinet and be clean.

Wait, the task is to put a clean bowl in a cabinet. So the bowl must be cleaned first. The CleanObject action uses a sinkbasin. So the process is: find the bowl, clean it using the sinkbasin, then put it into a cabinet.

In the domain, the CleanObject action's effect should mark the object as clean. The PutObject action will move the object to the cabinet. 

I need to ensure that the problem file includes the necessary objects like the sinkbasin 1 and the cabinets. The initial state doesn't have the bowl in any receptacle yet, so the agent must search for it. Once found, clean it, then put it in a cabinet.

Let me structure the domain actions properly. The GotoLocation allows moving between receptacles. OpenObject opens a receptacle. PickupObject takes an object from a receptacle. CleanObject cleans the object using the sinkbasin. PutObject places the object into a cabinet.

The problem's goal is (contains ?cabinet ?bowl) and (clean ?bowl). But since the user's task is to put a clean bowl in a cabinet, the goal should be that the bowl is in a cabinet and is clean. However, in PDDL, the goal is to have the bowl in a specific cabinet. But the problem might not specify which cabinet, so perhaps using a variable. Wait, the user's task says "put a clean bowl in cabinet," so any cabinet is acceptable. But in PDDL, we need to specify which cabinet. Since the user hasn't specified a particular one, maybe the problem should have a generic cabinet, but the observed environment has cabinet 1 to 6. The problem should use one of them, but since the exact one isn't known, perhaps the goal is to have the bowl in any cabinet. However, PDDL requires specific objects. Since the user's initial observation lists cabinet 1-6, the problem can use one of them, say cabinet 1, but the agent can choose any. However, the problem file should define all cabinets and the goal would be to have the bowl in any of them. But PDDL requires specific objects, so the problem might need to have the goal as (contains ?cabinet ?bowl) where ?cabinet is any of the cabinets. But since the problem file must be specific, perhaps the goal is to have the bowl in cabinet 5, but the agent can choose any. However, the user's task doesn't specify which cabinet, so the problem should have a general goal. But in PDDL, the goal must be specific. This is a bit of a problem. Maybe the problem should have the goal as (contains ?cabinet ?bowl) with ?cabinet being a variable, but PDDL requires specific instances. Therefore, perhaps the problem should use a specific cabinet, like cabinet 5, as a placeholder. Alternatively, the problem can have multiple cabinets and the goal is to have the bowl in any of them. However, the problem file must list all possible cabinets. The user's observation includes cabinet 1-6, so the problem should include all of them. The goal would then be (contains ?cabinet ?bowl) where ?cabinet is any of the cabinets. But in PDDL, the goal must be a conjunction of specific literals. Therefore, perhaps the problem should have the goal as (contains cabinet1 bowl1), but the user hasn't specified which cabinet. This is a bit ambiguous. However, since the user's task is to put the bowl in a cabinet, any cabinet is acceptable. The problem file can have the goal as (contains ?cabinet bowl1) where ?cabinet is a variable, but PDDL requires specific instances. Therefore, the problem should specify a particular cabinet, perhaps cabinet 5 as in previous examples. Alternatively, the problem can have multiple cabinets and the goal is to have the bowl in any of them. But the user's initial observation lists cabinet 1-6, so the problem should include all of them. The goal would then be (contains ?cabinet bowl1) where ?cabinet is any of the cabinets. However, in PDDL, the goal must be a conjunction of specific literals. Therefore, the problem should have a specific cabinet in the goal. Since the user's previous examples used cabinet 5, maybe that's acceptable.

So, the domain file will have the necessary actions, and the problem file will have the initial state with the agent at init_receptacle, and the goal is to have the bowl in a cabinet (e.g., cabinet 5) and be clean. The problem will also need to include the sinkbasin 1 for cleaning.

Wait, the task is to put a clean bowl in a cabinet. So the bowl must be in a cabinet and be clean. Therefore, the goal in the problem file should be (and (contains cabinet5 bowl1) (clean bowl1)). 

Now, putting it all together. The domain defines the actions, and the problem defines the objects and the goal. The initial state has the agent at init_receptacle, and the bowl is somewhere in the environment (but initially not in any receptacle, as per the user's observation). Wait, the user's observation says "looking around you see a cabinet 6, cabinet 5, etc., but the bowl isn't mentioned. So the bowl must be found in one of the receptacles. Therefore, the problem file should not have the bowl in any receptacle initially. The agent must search for it.

So the problem's initial state is (at init_receptacle), and the goal is (and (contains ?cabinet bowl1) (clean bowl1)). But since the problem needs specific instances, the goal would be (and (contains cabinet5 bowl1) (clean bowl1)).

I think that's the correct approach. Now, let's draft the domain and problem files accordingly.
</think>

{
    "df": "(define (domain clean-bowl-cabinet)\n  (:requirements :strips :negative-preconditions)\n  (:types object receptacle)\n  (:predicates\n    (at ?r - receptacle)\n    (opened ?r - receptacle)\n    (contains ?r - receptacle ?o - object)\n    (holding ?o - object)\n    (clean ?o - object)\n  )\n  (:action GotoLocation\n    :parameters (?from - receptacle ?to - receptacle)\n    :precondition (and (at ?from) (not (at ?to)))\n    :effect (and (not (at ?from)) (at ?to))\n  )\n  (:action OpenObject\n    :parameters (?r - receptacle)\n    :precondition (and (at ?r) (not (opened ?r)))\n    :effect (opened ?r)\n  )\n  (:action PickupObject\n    :parameters (?o - object ?r - receptacle)\n    :precondition (and (at ?r) (opened ?r) (contains ?r ?o) (not (holding ?o)))\n    :effect (and (not (contains ?r ?o)) (holding ?o))\n  )\n  (:action CleanObject\n    :parameters (?o - object ?r - receptacle)\n    :precondition (and (at ?r) (holding ?o) (not (clean ?o)))\n    :effect (clean ?o)\n  )\n  (:action PutObject\n    :parameters (?o - object ?r - receptacle)\n    :precondition (and (at ?r) (opened ?r) (holding ?o) (not (contains ?r ?o)))\n    :effect (and (not (holding ?o)) (contains ?r ?o))\n  )\n)\n",
    "pf": "(define (problem clean-bowl-cabinet-problem)\n  (:domain clean
